Do you have advice for young people today in high school,
in college of how to live a life as, uh,
nonlinear and as successful as yours LaMer a life that could be, uh,
that could be proud of?
Well, like that's, that's a super compliment. I'm, I'm humbled by that.
Actually, I, I would say a lot. I think I be proud of honestly,
one thing that I've said to people is first, um,
find people you love and care about them. Like family matters to me a lot,
and family means people you love and have committed to. Right.
So it's can be whatever you, you, you mean by that, but it's it,
you need to have a foundation.
Uh, so find people you love and wanna commit to and do that. Um,
cuz it anchors you in a way that nothing else can. Right. And then,
and then you find thing, other things and then kind of from out out there,
you find other kinds of things you can commit to whether it's ideas or,
or people or groups of people. Um, so, you know,
especially in high school, I would say don't settle on what you've think,
you know?
Right. Give yourself 10 years to think about the world.
Like there's I see a lot of high school students who,
who seem to know everything already. And I, I, I think I did too.
I think it's maybe natural, but,
but recognize that the things you care about you might change your perspective
over time. I certainly have over time is that, you know,
I was really passionate about one specific thing and I was kind of softened,
you know, I was a big, um, I didn't like the federal reserve. Right.
<laugh> and there's still,
we can have a longer conversation about monetary policy and finances, but,
but I'm a little more, uh, nuanced in my,
in my perspective at this point. Um, but you know, that's,
that's to one area where you learn about something go, oh, I wanna attack it.
You know, build don't destroy, like build like, so,
so often the tendency is to not like something they want to go attack it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> build something, build something to replace it. Yeah.
Build up, you know, attract people to your new thing. You'll get,
you'll be far more far better. Right.
You don't need to destroy something to build something else. Um,
so that's I guess generally, uh, and then, you know, definitely, uh,
like curiosity, you know, follow your curiosity mm-hmm <affirmative> and,
and let it, um, don't just follow the money.
And all of that, like you said, is grounded in, um,
family friendship and ultimately love. Yes. Which is, uh,
a great way to end it. Travis.
You're one of the most impactful people in the engineer,
in the computer science in the human world.
So I truly appreciate everything you've done.
And I really appreciate that you would spend your valuable time with me. It.
Was an honor. It was a real pleasure for me. I appreciate that.